Kiev is famous for its beauty, for its wonderful broad avenues, lots of chestnut trees and flowers all over the place. Tourists are at足tracted by numerous places of historical interest in Kiev. They are Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, St. Sophia's Cathedral, St. Vladimir's cathedral, the Golden Gate, the monuments to T. G. Shevchenko, the great poet of Ukraine, to Bohdan Khmelnytsky and to Prince Vladimir. 
Kiev is famous for its beauty, for its wonderful broad avenues, lots of chestnut trees and flowers all over the place. Tourists are at足tracted by numerous places of historical interest in Kiev. They are Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, St. Sophia's Cathedral, St. Vladimir's cathedral, the Golden Gate, the monuments to T. G. Shevchenko, the great poet of Ukraine, to Bohdan Khmelnytsky and to Prince Vladimir. Kiev is famous for its beauty, for its wonderful broad avenues, lots of chestnut trees and flowers all over the place. 
Tourists are at足tracted by numerous places of historical interest in Kiev. They are Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, St. Sophia's Cathedral, St. Vladimir's cathedral, the Golden Gate, the monuments to T. G. Shevchenko, the great poet of Ukraine, to Bohdan Khmelnytsky and to Prince Vladimir. Kiev is famous for its beauty, for its wonderful broad avenues, lots of chestnut trees and flowers all over the place. Tourists are at足tracted by numerous places of historical interest in Kiev. 
They are Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, St. Sophia's Cathedral, St. Vladimir's cathedral, the Golden Gate, the monuments to T. G. Shevchenko, the great poet of Ukraine, to Bohdan Khmelnytsky and to Prince Vladimir.
They are Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, St. Sophia's Cathedral, St. Vladimir's cathedral, the Golden Gate, the monuments to T. G. Shevchenko, the great poet of Ukraine, to Bohdan Khmelnytsky and to Prince Vladimir.
They are Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, St. Sophia's Cathedral, St. Vladimir's cathedral, the Golden Gate, the monuments to T. G. Shevchenko, the great poet of Ukraine, to Bohdan Khmelnytsky and to Prince Vladimir.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

